Previously on The O.C.:
Well, now that you've moved in, I see
you're making yourself right at home.
You're not, like, into him, are you?
You told Summer you weren't coming.
Now you're here with him?
- Ryan and I aren't here together.
- We're done.
I can't say no to my family.
I'll pay everything back.
- Put your feelings for him aside.
- He's one of my oldest friends.
Are you telling me you lost everything?
That is my money! My kids' tuition!
- I'm sorry.
- Son of a bitch! You're a thief!
- I just need to be alone right now.
So, what are we doing
in front of this tank?
Ryan, we're like two samurai, really.
And we need to have respect
for each other before meeting in battle.
And eating lobster is a battle,
as you will soon learn.
Is that a new shirt?
Yeah. Your mom bought me some new
clothes, which she didn't have to do.
Right. You can get a lot of mileage
out of a tank top.
Hey, do you think I could pull off
the wife-beater?
You know, switch up my look?
Got you. You got your style, I got mine.
- Yeah.
- You're dead.
That was amazing.
A lot of work, but amazing.
What's going on with you and Marissa?
Did you talk to her?
I don't think she wants to talk.
- Everything with her and her dad...
- Do you know what your problem is?
And I speak from experience,
with great authority here.
Is that you really need
to be aggressive, okay?
Her and Luke broke up. You need to go
after her, tell her how you feel. It's easy.
What do we do? Where do we go?
I have no car, no money.
I got it. I picked up extra sailing lessons
this week. Feeling a little bit flush.
Not you too. I can't keep doing this.
Your parents pay for everything.
I can't keep taking their money.
- They're parents. They work for us.
- They're your parents.
They're your guardians.
It's the same principle.
- What are you gonna do for cash, then?
- You're out of here!
You can't fire me. I quit!
Fine. But you're hooking me up
with free lobster.
This actually works out good for me,
you starting the new job.
I'll have time to do that stuff I haven't
been able to do since you moved here...
...like I'm gonna get to start my novel.
I'll be back by 6.
Yeah. I know. It's 9 now.
Which means I'm gonna have
nine hours of "me" time.
Know what I'm saying? For me, Ryan.
I'm gonna do stuff like learn Chinese,
study my Talmud.
You know, sink my teeth into it.
You gonna be okay?
Yes. Before you moved here...
...all I did was hang out by myself,
so it's really a return to form.
Should we not go?
Maybe we could tell Julie
we're not going and go anyway.
You guys, that's too mean.
We can't do that. Can we, Kirsten?
Absolutely not. We've had this retreat
on the books now for months.
And Julie's looking forward to it.
Yeah, and some of us
were looking forward to retiring early...
...before her husband stole our money.
Dad. What are you doing, man?
I'm waiting for them to disperse.
I left my briefcase in there.
I need to get to work.
- Well, go get it.
- And talk to those women? I can't.
He didn't steal. It wasn't like...
She's our friend.
I can't believe you're defending them.
Jimmy Cooper's a thief and a felon.
Those women are obsessed.
You kidding?
A scandal this big in a town this small...
...they'll be dining out
on this for months.
What are their kids gonna do?
I mean, with their father in prison?
- You think he's going to jail?
- I heard 10 to 20.
- Is it true he's going to jail?
- He stole a lot of money...
...from powerful people.
What's Marissa gonna do
without her dad?
No one knows if she'll even wanna go.
I don't want to go, I have to go.
The trip's already been paid for.
Besides, if I don't show up, they'll spend
the entire weekend gossiping about me.
You're being a little paranoid.
No, I'm not. I'm sure they think
I've masterminded this whole debacle.
Honey, they're your friends.
Please. They're the gatekeepers
of this entire community...
...a community your daughters and I
would like to remain a part of.
This is my chance to go before the firing
squad and plead for a stay of execution.
I was hoping to be able to talk
this weekend.
This is your mess, Jimmy.
You clean it up.
And when I get back, we'll figure out
what the hell we're gonna tell our girls.
I'm totally crispy.
Let's go do something.
Shopping, get exfoliated, anything.
And pay for it how? I mean, my dad's
credit cards got shut off yesterday.
What about Luke?
I mean, he can pay for you.
- He is your boyfriend, right?
- I don't know.
We left things kind of up in the air.
- You haven't talked since cotillion?
- I haven't talked to anyone, except you.
Okay, this is so not the way
to handle this.
You're gonna become depressed.
Then you'll need medication...
...and then you're gonna stop
feeling like anything.
According to my stepmom.
Let me buy you lunch. My dad gave me
his credit card in case of emergencies.
- And, well, this is an emergency.
- Okay.
All right, man, I'm gonna give you
the rundown.
This...
...is garbage.
It belongs in the garbage.
This belongs over here.
And now for the advanced class.
Hello, Mrs. Palmer. How are you today?
Would you like another glass of merlot?
Coming right up.
Drunk.
- Been working here long?
- Oh, man, too long.
Everybody who comes in is a freak show.
They like $30 entrees on plastic plates...
...$60 bottles of wine in plastic cups,
and service with a big smile.
Welcome to Newport,
where things only appear to be casual.
Of course,
living here does have its upside.
- Hey.
First day on the job.
Well, the food here is really good.
Yeah.
- How's your dad?
- He's okay.
- How are you?
- Coop! Starving.
- I should get back to work.
- Right.
You wanna hang out sometime?
Go out?
- Like on a date?
- Not a date, just...
- I can't right now.
- No, of course.
- Right.
- But thanks.
See you.
Hey, Jimmy.
- How's it going?
- Never better.
Listen, I was thinking, how would you
like some free legal advice?
You wanna be my lawyer? How long
do you wanna send me away for?
- I got way too big an ego for that.
- Well, that's true.
I wouldn't be representing you. I have
a friend who's a securities attorney.
But I could help you
put together a case.
Why? You don't even like me.
Well, I'm a public defender.
I represent a lot of people I don't like.
I wish somebody had told me
he worked here now.
- Why?
- No reason.
Oh, what do you know? Luke.
- What a coincidence.
- You invited him?
- Gotta pee. See you.
- Wait, Summer.
Hey, man.
- Hey, babe.
- Hey.
I hate that kid, man.
I seriously hate that kid.
He walks in like he owns the place.
Let me tell you, that Abercrombie & Fitch
water-polo-playing bitch...
...wouldn't last two minutes in Corona.
- You're from Corona?
- Yeah, man.
- Chino.
- Chino?
It's a long way from home.
That place is no joke.
I'm sorry I haven't called you back.
No worries.
We don't have to talk about it.
- Maybe we should talk about it.
- Why?
Talking about stuff is just gonna get us
all bummed out. Let's just do something.
- Newport kids must make you sick too.
- Sounds like you're a fan.
You know, I like the surf,
I like the tips, love the girls.
It's not all like this.
There's some real people around here.
- Oh, yeah?
- I tell you what.
After work, I'll show you
what I'm talking about. Cool?
Cool.
Holly's beach house. Party.
- I don't really want to.
- Why not?
It's weird. I mean, her dad beat up
my dad at my debutante ball.
You can't blame Holly for that.
I mean, your dad stole all their mon...
Nice.
Normally we don't tip out to trainees,
but you did good, man.
- Thanks.
- All right, now you can buy me a beer.
- I'm gonna grab my sweatshirt.
- All right.
- Hey.
- What's up?
Craziest thing. I was in the neighborhood,
checked my watch, it's 6:00...
...I figured maybe we'd celebrate
your first day on the job.
- Yeah.
- Yo, kid. You ready?
Yeah. I made other plans. This is Donnie.
He grew up in a town next to me.
- Donnie, Seth.
- What's up, man?
Hey, what's up? You guys must
have a lot of catching up to do.
Got some girls we gotta catch up with.
The blond's a dancer.
Yes. The ladies. I feel you.
Well, do you wanna...?
Donnie, is it cool...?
No, no, no. Please, no.
You guys go. I have to...
I was gonna do stuff.
Donnie, it was really good to meet you.
- All right, man. Let's go.
- See you.
So then I'll see you at home tomorrow.
Or tonight. I don't know. Just go.
- You sure you don't want to...?
- No, no. Just...
- All right.
- Okay.
Have fun.
What are you reading?
The new Legion came out Wednesday.
- It's part two of five.
- I liked part one.
Yeah, I'll let you borrow it
when I'm done.
Thanks.
How was last night?
- Fun.
- Cool.
That's cool that, you know, you met
someone that's where you're from.
You know, it's just cool.
I mean, I know he's not
the most sensitive guy in the world.
No one wants to see you
with Luke more than me.
But what you're going through
right now is gnarly.
Luke's a boy. Maybe he can't handle it.
Is it bad to burn on top of a peel?
Yeah. Put 30 on.
Coop, your life will stabilize.
Your parents will work it out.
Your mom will go away this weekend...
...they'll miss each other
and have makeup sex.
- Summer. God.
- It's true.
Marissa.
Hi.
- I'm just heading to the office.
- Yeah, me too.
- You know what...?
- I was thinking...
When I asked you to hang out,
I was asking you out.
- I know.
- I wanted to clear that up...
...because I'm gonna ask you out again.
Do you wanna do something tonight?
I have to babysit for Kaitlin.
But I will be cooking.
Macaroni and cheese. It's my specialty.
So that's a yes.
All right.
Won't these costs
be covered by Chapter 11?
Well, filing for bankruptcy
won't make this go away.
The U.S. Attorney's Office
is involved in this now.
They'll push for fraud,
unauthorized transactions.
Okay, so they fine me,
I go back to work, I make it all back.
Four million dollars? Unless you plan on
going to the track and getting lucky...
Look, if you don't wanna do this...
You're gonna lose your Series 7 license.
It's important that you understand
the predicament you're in.
Look...
...I get it from my wife every day,
my daughters won't talk to me...
...I got beat up in front of everyone
at the most elegant event of the year.
I get it. Okay, man?
I definitely understand.
Well, look. You know, we're both tired.
Maybe we should take a break,
go out.
What do you wanna do?
Well, our wives are away
for the weekend. We could...
Well, what did we do
before we got married?
Put that thing away, Kirsten.
I'm sorry.
We put a bid in on a new development,
and the counteroffer's outrageous.
We're here to relax.
Just because you have a job...
She's lucky she has a career.
I mean, it's not luck.
You're a very hard worker.
God knows I could use
my own income right about now.
Let's say it. I better enjoy the weekend
because I won't be back for a while.
Don't say that. It's not true.
Jules, tell me. Did you have
any idea about any of it?
How would I have known?
We have a deal. My domain's the kitchen
and the bedroom. His is the office.
- I held up my end of the bargain.
- You poor thing.
Believe me, if I'd known, I'd have
taken my girls out of the country.
It's them I'm concerned about.
Having to live with the shame
of what your father's done?
- Maybe we shouldn't talk about this.
- Oh, no, I don't mind.
To be honest, I blame myself.
I feel like I should have known,
like I should have sensed it somehow.
- How could you? You had no idea.
- Don't beat yourself up. You're a victim.
You're right, I know.
It's just...
What else can I do?
- I have the name of a great attorney.
- A good attorney could really help Jimmy.
It's for Julie, to divorce his sorry ass.
Girls, this isn't helping Julie relax.
Isn't that why we're here?
Kirsten's right.
I mean, you wouldn't get a divorce.
Would you?
- Hey.
How do you feel about
a little thing that I like to call...
...the IMAX Experience?
- This town sucks. The best I could do.
- I can't.
I'm hanging out with Marissa tonight.
We'll get a third ticket.
I doubt it'll sell out.
Well, she's got her sister.
Fine. Four tickets then. I like Kaitlin.
She's nice, and she's smart,
for a fifth-grader.
Actually, I...
...was gonna go over there.
Help her babysit.
Nice. The babysit.
I see. Stepping it up, taking it
to the next level. I can respect that.
Yeah. Hey, Donnie, I'm gonna head out.
I'm gonna head out too. I can't believe
we survived this shift. I'm so hung-over.
What are you gonna do now?
- I got plans.
- All right, man.
I have an extra ticket to the IMAX.
Shark movie, hammerheads, very violent.
- What are you, like, 8?
- Got a better idea?
I got a house party in Long Beach.
Six kegs, crazy honeys.
- Okay, yes. That is better.
- Wanna come?
Is that...? Is that cool?
- Let me just change up.
- All right.
- I do enjoy the crazy honeys.
- You're not going.
Okay, Mom, except that I am.
It's a shady neighborhood.
It's pretty hardcore.
Dude, it's Long Beach, not Chechnya.
Guys like Donnie,
you don't exactly know them...
...and they don't exactly know
kids like you.
- So I shouldn't talk about Grey Poupon?
- How you gonna get there?
I got my mom's Range Rover.
Well, I'll park it up the street.
Look, man, Donnie's a good guy, right?
He's cool, right?
So maybe this way we can all
be friends. We can all hang out.
- You boys game or what?
- Yeah, man.
We'll go for one hour.
Do you know how long it's been
since I've had a steak?
I live with three vegetarians.
You know how long it's been
since we had beer in the house?
I'm so sick of chardonnay and merlot.
- Cheers.
You wanna grab that?
These are almost done.
- Hello?
- Jimmy? Did I dial your number?
No, no. I'm at your place.
Oh, working on the case?
Well, we're taking a break, actually.
With Sandy?
Yeah. We're doing guy stuff.
All right. Well, when you finish
doing guy stuff...
...would you have Sandy give me a call?
I called to see if everything was okay.
- Is it?
- Well...
I guess. I don't know.
You know,
I've been really worried about you.
Thanks. I appreciate it.
Well, I'll talk to you when I get back.
Take care, Jimmy.
Your concern for my husband
is really touching.
Can you believe that? God.
She really is a dancer.
Chino. Come here, man.
I want you to meet some of my boys.
- We have 45 minutes.
- We should invite her to the pool house.
- Don't say "pool house."
- Right.
Oh, dude, I thought you said
you played before.
Well, some people
have a natural talent.
Not me.
I haven't played video games in, like...
I can't remember last time I played.
Are we old? Because...
...if I didn't know better,
I'd swear I was still 16.
Hell, I'm still 22.
It was the best year of my life.
- Yeah? Why 22?
- That's when I met Kirsten.
- Why 16?
- Oh, that's when...
...I met Kirsten.
- Hello?
- Marissa?
Hey. Where are you?
What'd I tell you, man?
How much better is this than Newport?
I got dragged to a party,
but I'm leaving. I'm on my way.
I just gotta get
Seth away from this...
- This dancer.
- Dancer?
It's a long story, but I'll be there soon.
- Save me some mac and cheese?
- Sure. See you.
- No, no way...
- Seth.
One second.
Hang on a second. Listen,
I am really connecting with this girl.
She just moved here with her sister from
Uzbekistan, they're saving for a condo.
Nice. That hits here.
Now, she does have a serious boyfriend,
but she's looking into...
Good luck with the condo.
Some dude just demo'd
a Range Rover.
That car's messed up.
This happened in the parking lot
of the IMAX theater?
Shark movies bring out
a rough crowd.
I'll call the insurance company, but
you're explaining this to your mother.
It could get ugly.
Yeah.
So did you call Marissa?
I tried her again this morning.
She doesn't wanna talk.
- I'm sorry I salted your game, man.
- I gotta get to work.
I'll give you Richard's number
when we get back. He's the best.
He did Carol's divorce.
She got everything.
Thanks. That'd be great.
- You're really considering a divorce?
- Why, are you gonna tell Jimmy?
Julie needs to protect herself.
I can't believe you're encouraging this.
When your husband had an affair...
...no one gave you
a divorce attorney's number.
Kirsten, that was very uncalled-for.
What's uncalled-for is your
$500-a-day coke habit in college.
- It was just sophomore year.
- What Jimmy did was wrong.
Spare me. You have a Guatemalan family
cleaning your house...
...for less than minimum wage.
I have spent this entire weekend
listening to you women judge Jimmy.
Yes, he made a big mistake. But life is
complicated, and none of us is perfect.
- Not even you, Julie.
- And what is that supposed to mean?
He didn't buy ponies and jewelry
for himself.
How interesting that you
should take his side.
Shower time. Limo leaves at 6.
He did this to give you everything.
And now you're just gonna leave him?
He lied to me, Kirsten.
You lied to yourself! I know Jimmy.
I know. I've heard. He still has
your prom photo up on our wall.
- It's all in the past.
- Really?
You think it's a coincidence that we
ended up living next door to you?
I'm the one who married him.
This is my problem, not yours.
Who knew that
when he knocked me up...
...it'd be the best thing
that ever happened to you?
- Hey.
Your dad let me in.
Seems like he's doing better.
Yeah, I guess.
Do you need to get that?
It's probably just Summer calling
about another party at Holly's.
Yes, another one of those.
- So how'd it go with the dancer?
- Actually...
...that's what I wanted to talk about.
Last night was totally my fault.
Okay? Ryan was extremely bummed he
didn't get to make his Blockbuster night.
I know you're going through a lot,
and you didn't need to get stood up.
- So I apologize.
- Wow, that's very...
...thoughtful.
- Well, he's pretty mad at me right now.
Why don't you help me out?
How about another date?
He's a good cook.
I tell you, one good swing...
...and I love this game.
Nice drive.
So I talked to my friend,
the securities attorney, this morning.
Working on the weekend?
Working for you, to keep you out of jail.
- He's pretty sure he can make it happen.
- Excellent.
It's contingent upon you
making full restitution.
You'll lose your license and never be
allowed near an investment account.
- But little or no jail time.
- So I gotta pay back everything I lost.
And even then, there are no guarantees.
But it's your only option.
Well, that's not an option. I mean, where
the hell am I gonna find $4 million?
Your house is valued at 3.2, you got
2.6 in equity. That's a good start.
You want me to sell my house?
Julie will...
- She'll leave me.
- Julie cares about you and the kids.
She won't care about losing the house,
if it means keeping you.
Whose wife are we talking about?
No. We gotta come up
with something else.
This is it. This is a gift. Be grateful.
- Grateful?
- Did you think it would just go away?
That there would be no consequences?
Get real.
Who are you to tell me to get real?
You live in a fantasy land.
Your wife is rich. You live in
a house you've never paid for.
You get fired,
Kirsten wouldn't even notice it.
You have no idea what
it's like to provide for a family.
I think there's more to providing
for a family than money.
Wanna be there when Marissa graduates?
You wanna watch Kaitlin grow up?
You can start over.
You can start a new life.
I don't want a new life.
I want my old one back.
But I guess
that's not gonna happen, huh?
- Hey.
- What's up?
Seth Cohen, your friendly
neighborhood pimp, at your service.
I talked with Marissa.
It's totally handled.
I'll be right back with your drinks.
What are you talking about?
It turns out that I'm skilled at getting
a date, provided it's not for me.
You'll have the house to yourself. She'll
be coming over, and you'll be cooking.
- What's up, man?
- Hey.
What's the agenda for tonight?
Any plans?
- Not really, no.
- Anything going on?
There's a lame beach party,
typical Newport scene.
You know what, man? We should go.
No. It's not for me. It's gonna be
water-polo guys and their girlfriends.
I don't get the whole
water-polo thing down here.
Nor do I. A bunch of dudes
who enjoy wearing Speedos.
- What do they know about partying?
- I couldn't agree more.
But the girls are hot.
So with the right attitude
and a couple cocktails, it could be fun.
If it's not, we'll make it fun.
Life is what you make it.
- That's very wise, Donnie.
- Tell you what, man.
Here's what we'll do. We're gonna go.
I'll call a couple of my boys.
We'll drink their beer, dance with
their honeys and have a good time.
- All right.
- All right?
All right.
Enough with the moody scowl thing.
Please, it's not a big deal.
- You're taking him to a Newport party?
- Exactly. It'll be on my turf.
I don't have turf, but if I did, this would
be it. And Summer will be there.
- I don't know about this, Seth.
- I do. It's fine. Not a big deal. I promise.
Now, you got a date, okay?
So you have to go.
Make me proud.
Put a sock on the door.
Hey.
I brought you some leftovers.
It should go well
with the grilled cheese.
My specialty.
- Very fancy.
- Hey, don't knock it till you've tried it.
Dinner is served.
Kind of lame, right?
I'm seeing lots of potential
in here, actually.
Hey.
Where's Marissa?
She's at home.
We're...
...sort of taking a break.
You are?
Are you okay?
That was the best grilled cheese ever.
Yeah. Your mac and cheese
was pretty good too.
Yeah? Well, it tasted better last night.
Hey.
- But, hey, we're here now, right?
- Yeah.
I'm glad we are.
So how are you with everything?
I'm okay, I guess.
I mean, I still don't know
what's gonna happen.
My parents are fighting all the time.
My family's not perfect.
Not even close, but...
...I just don't want us to fall apart.
Let's do something fun.
You can still have fun, right?
I don't know.
What if you don't have a choice?
What does that mean?
No, no, no. Don't. Stop.
Okay.
I'm taking you with me.
What's up, girl?
You don't like to dance?
Not with you.
I'm trying to get to the bar.
You're fine, you know that?
Good one.
But aren't you, like, the busboy?
- Random.
- Who is that guy?
What's up? Somebody got a problem?
Hey, hey.
- What's going on?
- These kids are mad-dogging me.
- Then why don't we go? I'm ready.
- No, I'm ready.
Yeah, what? That's what I'm saying.
Life is what you make it.
Hurry up, I'm freezing.
- You've got goosebumps.
- I know. Towel.
All right. Here.
- You want a sweatshirt?
- No. Can I borrow a tank top...
...so I can look as cool as you?
- Yeah. You wanna go back in the pool?
No.
Do you have to...?
I'm sorry.
- Hello?
- Hey, it's Seth. Donnie's kind of psycho.
Okay, not really a good time
right now.
I wouldn't call if it wasn't serious.
Take my dad's car, meet me at Holly's.
I'll be right there.
Okay. So that was Seth.
I gotta go pick him up.
- He's at Holly's if you want to...
- I can't go there.
Right.
Okay. So...
Sorry. I...
No. It's okay.
You know how long
I've wanted to do this?
As long as I have?
You guys should have
broken up a long time ago.
No. Chill. Chill!
Seriously, relax.
- What's up, bro? You want a drink?
- No, no.
- You sure?
- Yes.
It's vodka, very good. I'll do the...
That sounded expensive.
Come on.
You go. I'II...
I'm right behind you.
- That's my blender!
- Check it out. It's Abercrombie.
Or are you Fitch?
- Jackass, what's your problem?
- You.
- Luke, you really don't want to be...
- Shut up, Cohen.
How'd you get in here anyway?
Look, I don't know who you are.
You best be leaving.
Or what? What you gonna do, man?
What, you afraid I'm gonna
mess up your hair?
- Donnie.
- What's up, Ryan?
Should've figured he's a friend of yours.
Take him back to the trailer park.
- We should go.
- What did you say to me?
All right. Let's go.
What's up now?
Who's the tough guy now?
How much you hate this kid? The way
he talks to you like you're trash?
- What about you, Seth?
- Yeah, he's definitely flawed.
- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- Look at the role reversal now.
- Who's the bitch?
- Look, you scared him. Put it down.
I'm just trying to have a good time. I'm
trying to have fun. You boys having fun?
What's the matter with you, man?
I was just messing around.
- Oh, my God!
- We gotta go. Let's go.
Oh, my God.
Call an ambulance, somebody!
- You're gonna be okay.
- Call the cops, 911.
I guess this is me.
Thanks for a relaxing weekend, ladies.
I'm off to fire my cleaning lady.
- Okay. See you at spinning.
- Bye, Taryn.
Is it warm in here?
Could you turn the air on, please?
I'm sorry if I upset you.
It wasn't my place.
I remember as a kid,
if I saw a limousine driving...
...I'd always try to see
through the tinted window...
...wondering what kind of life
the people inside lived.
How glamorous and lucky.
Who knew, right?
You knew.
You were probably in there,
staring back at me.
Which means I've been
jealous of you since I was 8.
When I met Jimmy, I had nothing.
No money.
I don't wanna go back
to being nothing again.
You won't.
You have a family, you have Jimmy.
He loves you.
Not as much as he loved you.
But I knew that when I married him.
I was winning the lottery.
Great guy, great life.
And he was doing the honorable thing.
It's your turn, Julie.
Don't abandon him.
Hey. It's me.
Yeah. No.
I'm sorry.
I'm at the hospital.
No. Everything's fine, but...
...I think you'll wanna get down here.
- Hey.
Hi. How'd it go?
Not well.
How about you?
The same.
Sandy, what happened to our car?
Seth will explain everything.
- Where is he?
- I don't know. He's out, I guess.
You bought beer?
I miss beer.
- Want a sip?
- I want more than that.
Really?
You know, the boys might be out
for a while.
Hey.
I didn't hear you come in.
So how was your weekend?
You win the lottery?
That's funny.
Do you wanna sit or stand?
Because I've got some news.
It's not gonna be easy.
We've... Well...
...you've got a decision to make.
What is it, Jimmy?
We can liquidate our assets,
sell the house...
...and start all over with nothing
as a family.
Or we can declare bankruptcy...
...keep the house...
...and I see you and the girls
in about eight to 10 years.
It's up to you.
Whatever you wanna do, I'll do.
The cops said Donnie wasn't gonna
get far before they caught him.
If you wanna make some extra money,
I'm sure there's a job at the restaurant.
No. That's okay. It'd be good to take
some "me" time, work on the novel.
Tonight would make a good chapter.
Are you scared?
Yeah.
- Hi.
- Hey.
He's okay.
He's with his parents, third floor.
It's just his arm.
So this guy, was he a friend of yours?
No, not really.
- Well, thanks for calling me.
- Yeah.
I...
- I should go.
- I can wait.
No, it's okay. I might be a while.
Never thought the day would end here.
I'm sorry, man.
You were right. I shouldn't have
brought Donnie to that party.
No, it's my fault. If it wasn't for me,
you never would have met him.
Luke wouldn't be in the hospital.
I feel like ever since I got here,
everyone's life's just gotten worse.
Not everyone.
All I was thinking about
in that ambulance was...
...I'm so gone, back to Chino.
Or worse.
You're not going anywhere,
so don't worry about it.
I do think from now on, though,
we gotta stick together...
...because united we're unstoppable,
but divided it's like...
- People get shot.
- That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
www.tvsubtitles.net